Another good come on to remember you control you.
So if I type some text control you will really raise or remove that entire command to show you again
control you.
Another one is breaking a command or canceling a command.
So if I press control C at this point notice I'm taken back to privilege mode and the command is not
run it's canceled.
So Control-C will have bought or cancel the current command and take you back to privilege mode.
Another good one to remember is control shift 6 x.
I'm going to ping a device that is not available in my local network and I'm going to send a hundred
pings to that device.
Now I don't want to wait for 100 pings to time out.
So going to press control shift six to break the ping.
Do that again control shift six breaks the ping once again a thousand pings.
I don't want to wait for a thousand pings to time out.
I press control shift six to break the ping so Control shift six allows the user to abort a Cisco Iowas
process such as ping or trace route.
So Control shift 6 breaks the paying trace route.
So in addition to using the setup utility or Seelye to load a configuration on a router you have a multiple
other options.
In this example I'm going to open a putty session to a router.
In this case I'm connecting to a terminal server that's giving me access to the console of a router.
I'll just make this bigger so that you can see more clearly.
So when I hit Enter Notice it says Would you like to enter the initial configuration dialog.
I'm going to say no because I don't want to configure the router through the initial configuration dialog
and I'm going to press enter to get started.
As you can see at the moment the routers name is router.
If our talk show version I can see that this is an 18 41 router you can see as an example that this
1841 has a certain amount of RAM nv ram and flesh installed.
I'm the type unable to go to privileged mode.
And then I'm going to type show startup can fake notice at the moment no startup config exists.
This is a new router with no configuration.
If I type show run I can see that this is the current configuration on the router.
I can see as an example that the hostname of the router is router and I can see various other default
config on the router.
Show IP interface brief shows me that I have an IP address on this interface which was allocated via
a DHP so the router was allocated an IP address through DHP I could top show IP route as an example
to see the writing table at the moment is only directly connected.
Network on this router.